this is the real way to play room
that's basically all there is to it the
first part is like this you've got your
D string and your g string on the
seventh fret and your B string on the
fifth fret and then the E string is open
the next chord by the way the same shape
you slide it all the way up it's the
same thing so basically slide this part
way up here to the 14th fret so you're
14 14 12 open
you slide that down to 10 10 8 open
and all just and then on each part
you're going to be a finger off to get
that open string sound so for the first
to move your index finger like this this
one you take your pinky finger off and
that's all the strumming is and then the
riff seventh all this is is the E string
and the a string so sad
you
and the chorus is a G
all that part is is on the B string the
g string on the second fret so you start
on the second fret on the B string and
bend it up and then you pull up
though that is G power cord move it up
to G sharp you're going to have your
next finger on the fourth fret of the E
string your pinky on the 7th fret of the
a string ring finger on the 6th fret of
the D string some other come in G sharp
at the root G sure
same thing is the G sharp just slit up
to the a short position
just goes back to your regular verse
part
that's all there is a rope